Hi within this lecture we want to make our game so that then we show our birth it will return to its
original position and we want to do it in a way that we will check for its velocity.
So when it slows down so when it's about to stop.
We can just take the bird and put it on the original position.
For example if I run my simulator one more time my birth will return to its original position.
But I want it to be happening go to manically then the bird slows down and we're going to do that under
this update function.
So this is a function.
This is getting cold each every time.
Each frame is rendered.
So every time we do something in our game the frame is being rendered.
So it's happening continuously.
So if I check something over here it will be checked continuously during the gate.
So when my when I just trolled my bird up in the air then it rolls around when it hits on something.
The frame is getting rendered so I can check to see if my physics body is changing over here and by
the way we can just do and if let bird physics by the over here in order to make our physics buddy not
optional.
Okay so far we haven't needed it but if you need it any time in your app you can just do it to have
a non optional physics body and again in here I want to check to see if birds physics body okay Dot
Physics body data velocity.
So we have some sort of velocities over here like our fellow city of x axis velocity of y axis and angular
velocity.
So I'm going to control all of them and I'm going to see if they're actually less than 0.01 for example
this is a very low number.
It means that it's about to stop so you can do it like this less than or equal to 0.01.
And again Burt physics body data velocity that Devi meaning the y axis the velocity of the y axis is
less than 0.01.
And again Burt physics body that's angular velocity.
Okay.
This one.
So this is the angular speed of the bird is less than 0.01.
If these conditions hold and on the top of that we have to check to see if game is started or not because
games should be started at this point.
Right.
Because by me first open the app the angular relaxed the end the velocity of the other axis are all
already zero but we have to be certain that game is started.
So they are not zero and they are about to be zero.
So that we can reset the game.
We can just take the bird to its original position.
So if every condition holds now I can just take my bird to be its own the original position so I can
come over here and rather than using bird physics by the I believe we should use birds that physics
by the over here and say I affected by gravity is false.
Not to it's false OK because we we're going to reset this and birds physic body that velocity is zero
and.
That physics body and it has to BCG vector not zero.
We have to go like the 0 0 over here again and Bert that physics body that's angular velocity is zero.
And we have to reset the position as well.
So Bert that z position is 1 and Bert dots not be for Bert DOT's position is actually the original position
and then later on I can just say game start it is false because this will be the starting point of my
app so D asks me if I want to force unwrap this.
Yep I'm going to do that and ans here I believe we have to have one equals sign only.
Let's try this.
Let's test this.
So if this works when I throw my bird in the air when it slows down it will reset the bird and put it
eat put it in the original position like this.
So here you go.
Now it's working.
Now let's try one more time.
It's kind of rotated but it doesn't matter when I chose this.
It will come back to its original place when it slows down.
So this is exactly what I wanted in the first place.
So here you go.
Now all we have to do is just to find a way to understand the collisions.
So when I hit on the boxes I want to understand that operations so that I can increase my score.
That's what we're going to do within the next lecture.